[Music]
Jorge Javier once again
flouts the code of ethics to defend the
PSOE and the rubbish government we have
right now in this country with
exorbitant taxes, okay Jorge Javier
after the persecution he had from the
tax office in which he had to pay
800,000 euros because of course Jorge
Javier thinks it's fine that
taxes are paid but that parents are the rest
okay Jorge Javier a few years ago
had a problem
with the tax office for a long time because he tried to declare
as a company what he earns as a
self-employed person obviously he lost the
legal process and he's had to get up to date
yes it's true that he's got up to date we're
not going to deny that because the
other day recently a few months ago
fighting with the Twitter account of the
PP of the popular party he tried to
claim look I'm up to date yes you are up to
date but you've been fighting in
court so they would rule you right
because you paid tax as a company what you
have to pay as a self-employed person and this
What is the very simple explanation those of us who
are self-employed pay an
outrage but an outrage that
makes no sense  taxes the
word itself says it tax is not
contributing in solidarity because then
when you want to leave the country to
pay taxes somewhere else because your job
doesn't depend on where you live they call you in
solidarity and they point you out in the
media no there is no reason there
is no logical reason for
anyone any self-employed person to have half taken away from us those of us who
earn those of us who are
well off they take half
half it makes no sense whatsoever And it is
truly pathetic that there are people in the
media trying to defend This is okay it's
fine that those who earn more pay more it
's very good that those who earn more
pay more But if you already pay 20% you already
pay more the 20% of a person who earns 1000 is not the same as that
of a person
who generates 10,000 as that of a person who
generates 100,000
okay let's not mess with people let's
not
make fun of people
okay There is no logical reason for
a self-employed person to have half of
what they generate taken away from them there is no
logical reason  that a self-employed person is charged
300, 400 or 500 euros as I pay the
self-employed fee is a real rip-off and
then you see our money spent in this
way that we are going to discuss now
below okay, I mean please
political campaigns to the PSOE Jorge Javier
is not wanting your audience made of
being a fanatic man she of being a fanatic and
also the ethical code prohibits you from
doing it
you know that something has happened in the
last few weeks that's why Alejandro
Nieto is on Sálvame that we didn't make
much coverage we didn't comment on it much we
commented on it superficially in some live broadcasts
but we didn't talk much on the Channel either
but basically Alejandro
Nieto complained that the
tax issue didn't Or so the
survivor prize hasn't arrived okay I don't
know how much it will have arrived exactly
but I think like half or so you go
to survivor you have your salary
the two months of hardship go by and now you arrive
you win a prize of 200,000 euros and
maybe you get half or 60% I mean it
's an
outrage it's an outrage it doesn't have
sense nor is it necessary okay
but you will have to use roads
not the roads and the health care the
roads and the health care The typical one of the
progress not the roads and the health care
of course We have to pay for the roads and the
health care Look at the
roads and the health care that we have paid for
look look at the road that
this Jorge is taking Look at the road at full speed
Jorge at full speed okay And
look at the health care the health care the PSOE okay
this same these same deputies
while they were in the morning in
congress
voting with the little point against
prostitution and trafficking
at night they were meeting in a
hotel with prostitutes and they are denying it
that they are denying it that they are saying that they
were friends that they are a group of
friends
How shameless this once again
shows you that what you vote for and what
the politicians tell you is a lie
that not even they agree
with that example okay pay
attention to what he is trying to do to the defense
that he is trying to be Jorge Javier yes
who pays for the roads
there is an Oh Sorry for one thing but
everyone is leaving here because we have to pay
a lot the youtubers Of course  that they leave
of course they leave but it's not
necessary to earn a barbaric amount
for them to take half your family
do the math as soon as you're
earning
67,000 euros a month 5000 4000 more or
less
if it's not half they take 40 okay it
's close to half that I'm not saying I
mean Jorge Honestly I pay my
taxes but
excuse me for a moment but you earning what
a youtuber earned and not all of it goes because he was
going and he wasn't going anymore and Llanos a
better professional the best there is stays here
paying his taxes because he
considers that he's doing well and that thanks to
his taxes that he raises he's also
helping a lot of people who aren't doing well
too and he goes and he doesn't anymore Jorge Javier and he goes and
Llano is a company and he goes and it's no longer
a company he has hundreds of
people on his team
Jorge Javier what you tried to
declare as a company
okay as you tried to declare as a
company
are the youtubers who have a company that
have employees if you have a team
of production people making
youtubers hired for you Editors
more logical and most likely will pay
taxes as a society okay let's
stop talking nonsense and let's get
informed let's listen let's
listen to what Emmanuel Arias said that
out of fear by the way the next day he
backtracked and said that it's a lie that he
hadn't said it let's listen to what
Emanuel Arias said about the series Cuéntame
that you already know was broadcast and it was a
great series that has been successful
for many years
and look at what Emanuel Arias commented
on Why they closed the series
Look since in the first chapter of
this season of Cuéntame Narcis
Serra appeared who is historic and it happened in Moncloa
saying that they should take out the doctor to
justify the death of an ETA member to
avoid it from Roldán someone from the
socialist board of directors woman who
earns 7,500 euros a month said we have to
cut off this Because we started to
tell a story that is very bad for
the PSOE that's how it was and a week later three
weeks later they said that we should finish
That is public television please I
don't want to go back no that I  Release it now.
Well, look, incredible, incredible, applying
censorship, family, please, I
really don't like using this channel
or doing political campaigns, but let's
not laugh at people, okay. You have to
be a fanatic, fanatic,
and masochistic. I'll be reading you.
[Music]